feat: add annotation to set health check send proxy protocol (#168)
scaleway/scaleway-cloud-controller-manager: docs/loadbalancer-annotations.md

This is the annotation to set the time between two consecutive health checks.
The default value is `5s`. The duration are go's time.Duration (ex: `1s`, `2m`, `4h`, ...).

### `service.beta.kubernetes.io/scw-loadbalancer-health-check-send-proxy`

> This is the annotation to set if the health checks send a proxy protocol v2 frame before the actual check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the annotation to control if proxy protocol should be activated for the health check.
```

Reviewer: to match the official documentation
